doc: hardware: peripherals: can: add CAN shell documentation (#67236)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: doc/hardware/peripherals/can/shell.rst

  well.
* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_CAN_AUTO_BUS_OFF_RECOVERY` enables the ``can recover`` subcommand when
  disabled.

For example, building the :ref:`hello_world` sample for the :ref:`frdm_k64f` with the CAN shell and
CAN statistics enabled:

.. zephyr-app-commands::
   :zephyr-app: samples/hello_world
   :board: frdm_k64f
   :gen-args: -DCONFIG_SHELL=y -DCONFIG_CAN=y -DCONFIG_CAN_SHELL=y -DCONFIG_STATS=y -DCONFIG_CAN_STATS=y
   :goals: build

See the :ref:`shell <shell_api>` documentation for general instructions on how to connect and
interact with the shell. The CAN shell comes with built-in help (unless
:kconfig:option:`CONFIG_SHELL_HELP` is disabled). The built-in help messages can be printed by
passing ``-h`` or ``--help`` to the ``can`` command or any of its subcommands. All subcommands also
support tab-completion of their arguments.

.. tip::
   All of the CAN shell subcommands take the name to a CAN controller as their first argument. A
   list of all devices available can be obtained using the ``device list`` shell command when
   :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_DEVICE_SHELL` is enabled. The examples below all use the device name

>    ``can@0``.

Reviewer: is tab completion for device name also supported (a quick look at the code makes me feel it is)? If yes, this could be a useful thing to mention as part of the tip?

Author: Good idea. I have added this to the tip.

    through 8.
  * ``remote transmission request``: The frame is a Remote Transmission Request (RTR) frame and thus
    carries no data bytes.

.. tip::
   If :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_CAN_RX_TIMESTAMP` is enabled, each line will be prepended with a
   timestamp from the free-running timestamp counter in the CAN controller.

Configured CAN RX filters can be removed again using the ``can filter remove`` subcommand as shown
below. The filter ID is the ID returned by the ``can filter add`` subcommand (0 in the example
below).

.. code-block:: console

   uart:~$ can filter remove can@0 0
   removing filter with ID 0

Sending
*******

CAN frames can be queued for transmission using the ``can send`` subcommand as shown below. The
subcommand accepts a CAN ID in hexadecimal format and optionally a number of data bytes, also
specified in hexadecimal. Refer to the interactive help output for this subcommand for further
details on the supported arguments.

.. code-block:: console

   uart:~$ can send can@0 010 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8
   enqueuing CAN frame #2 with standard (11-bit) CAN ID 0x010, RTR 0, CAN FD 0, BRS 0, DLC 8

>    CAN frame #0 successfully sent

Reviewer: should this be `frame #2`? mentioning it just in case as this might be a copy-paste issue or a problem elsewhere?

Author: Nice catch. Fixed.

Bus Recovery
************

The ``can recover`` subcommand can be used for initiating recovery from a CAN bus-off event as shown
below:

.. code-block:: console

   uart:~$ can recover can@0
   recovering, no timeout

> The subcommands accepts a optional bus recovery timeout in milliseconds. If no timeout is specified,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The subcommand accepts an optional bus recovery timeout in milliseconds. If no timeout is specified,
```

Author: Fixed, thanks.
